I’ve been working on a mod for a while now, and am happy with showing it off my progress and lighting the beacon for help. I’m not the best writer, especially when it comes to this *lewd* stuff, but I feel like I’m getting better. https://github.com/Anonn134/Mansion-Mod
Here is a super tldr: The player is in a mansion doing work, possibly against their will. They are given a list of chores to do each day. Chores are things like cleaning a room or doing laundry. There are other events like serving or cooking dinner, one happens each day. There are rare events like a servant escaping that will happen occasionally on some mornings. If the player does not get their work done on time, they are punished.
To enter the mansion, start a new game and click the link in your bedroom. I would suggest downloading then looking through the files rather than trying to play in the mansion, or at least use the test room in the main hall. There are a lot of placeholder files, sort of like a todo list.
There is a pretty detailed description of the mod plans in the git. I’ve planned a lot and have not written most of it up. That’s not to say that not that much has been done though, but don’t get your hopes up right now when you see the long list of events and other stuff on the git.
The mod is by no means finished and I’m sort of asking for help with ideas or writing, if anyone is interested in helping out. The chores I have completed are the ones for the Dungeon, Garden, Main Hall, Laundry Room and Library. For a better list of what’s done, see CompletedWork.txt in the git.
There are a few things that I would like to do but don’t know how. These are a proper sleep system, a way to navigate the mansion via a map like in the streets and the ability to initialize variables on an old save (that’s why you need to start a new save to test).
My main goal right now is to complete all of the chores, daily events and the rare morning events. Getting those done doesn’t require much else to be done as they can be written and tested individually in a vacuum, without the rest of the mansion done (and they are the meat of the project). Then I can move on to refining the layout of the mansion, getting random events written while navigating the mansion and getting guest rooms sorted out. 
If anyone wants to help, feel free to go over what I've written and give feedback/find misspellings. There will certainly be some of those. Or if anyone wants to expand on, edit or write a chore/event, that would be appreciated too. Adding a chore event isn’t very hard and won’t require understanding any crazy new code from the mod. My goal for each chore event is to have sub events where the player can interact with each of a guard, guest or another servant while doing each chore.
The end goal is to make something that is good enough to present to Vrel and have added to the game, but it’s nowhere near that point yet.
I hope all that made sense and I haven’t forgotten anything important.

